knows that gta is the game that is and always is
It was and always will be the game to have given me
by the tutelary council for the
animals by parents who do not leave their
children play all over the world is a
controversial game is even forbidden in some
countries is prohibited
I think it should be good has the channel
youtube when rieti filming reaction
people certain things
this time they took old people and
put to play gta analyze
what would be their reactions
I think it's going to be the reaction of
An old man playing gta thinks he
terrible thing do not want to judge you
think they will have fun in a month
in reaction the then I already have this face that
looks good bearded father noel they
They took a lot of old people that are very
humorous truth you see only
the well line tops
hence at first they give a thousand places
ness controls and see that they can
hit the wall with the car can is
right but after a while they
start to have fun, man has a
special that will study the past for
in front of this Japanese that he elects
he has a lot of fun
he takes first that he is not
red right
nobody says the prerequisite is the game
offender then he to the red sign
will go quiet until without him
starts trampling people and beating speech
Pulls life, how can this be fun?
There's another old man here who speaks like that.
Wow, he picks up an eta knife in town.
and ufac the woman woman dies he talks
so ours
It's only for the first time in my life.
Life I 'm having a good time in the south.
but then this guy is what more
Amused if he gets some cars talking
Who is the case now I do not know that everything in
English but you can identify
these reactions and see that they really
having fun so once again is
that is our question that games
makes people violent and game
can evaluate if you can do what you want
and it goes very well with you to separate this
virtual life question real life but
I found the old people very interesting if
entertaining with the game as gta and
managing to separate these things gala
the team